(20:02:11) u: meeting time
(20:02:22) u: who will host and who will take notes?
(20:02:34) u: the meeting will last only one hour
(20:02:45) u: so let's not start too late
(20:03:05) u: https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/ this is the agenda
(20:03:11) u: let's say i do the hosting?
(20:03:32) u: intrigeri, nodens, sajolida, drwhax, are you here for the meeting?
(20:03:40) sajolida: yeap
(20:03:44) sajolida: i can host as well
(20:03:45) nodens: yup
(20:04:02) u: you did it last time i believe, sajolida
(20:04:07) sajolida: ok :)
(20:04:12) u: and maybe i took notes, afair
(20:04:12) sajolida: but i prefer it to taking notes :)))
(20:04:26) u: sajolida: i read this between the lines
(20:04:26) nodens: I'm not comfortable hosting. But I guess I could take notes
(20:04:28) intrigeri: u: you did.
(20:04:29) sajolida: but i'm happy with whatever
(20:05:02) u: so maybe somebody can take notes, and if nodens is not here for the whole meeting this might better be somebody else
(20:06:07) u: so, notes anybody?
(20:06:14) sajolida: it's intrigeri or me i guess and intrigeri took notes last time so i'll do it this time apparently :)
(20:06:16) emmapeel: hello
(20:06:31) u: hi emmapeel!
(20:06:37) u: sajolida: i took notes
(20:06:39) ***emmapeel is on a noisy spot and may not be able to concentrate well
(20:07:03) u: should we start with something easy? https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12257
(20:07:04) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #12257: Add a screenshot to our homepage https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12257
(20:07:05) sajolida: u: oops, sorry!
(20:07:10) intrigeri: as said above I'd rather not take notes due to crappy internet connection. last time I had to extract notes from the log and TBH it was a pain to understand what the conclusions were etc., so I won't do that again.
(20:07:28) nodens: If we can be finished in 1 hour I should be OK
(20:07:47) sajolida: u: we have agenda points before tickets: https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_meeting/
(20:07:47) u: nodens: yes but i dont know where the documentation for note taking is right now :(
(20:07:51) nodens: (just a bit worried about the time needed for the rest of the tasks)
(20:07:56) nodens: u: I have it
(20:08:08) nodens: https://tails.boum.org/contribute/meetings/#index2h1
(20:08:09) u: nodens: ok!
(20:08:10) sajolida: u, nodens: https://tails.boum.org/contribute/meetings/
(20:08:12) nodens: it's on the agenda
(20:08:23) u: then nodens can take notes
(20:08:39) u: and we can start with https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198 hole in the roof. anybody up for this?
(20:08:43) jvoisin a rejoint le salon.
(20:08:47) jvoisin: o/
(20:08:59) intrigeri: not me. too busy with other stuff that's higher prio IMO.
(20:09:19) u: same here
(20:09:23) u: hi jvoisin!
(20:09:38) u: nodens: please note who attended the meeting 
(20:09:41) sajolida: not me neither but i'll still go through the list because it's always good to refresh our memory
(20:09:52) nodens: u done ;)
(20:11:35) intrigeri: IMO #8937 does not qualify as a hole in the roof.
(20:11:35) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #8937: Improve live-persist https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/8937
(20:11:52) intrigeri: (said this on the ticket 2y ago and nobody explained why it would)
(20:11:56) sajolida: Is it still relevant to have #5340 as Hole in the roof?
(20:11:57) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #5340: Analyze Jake FOCI12 paper https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/5340
(20:12:01) intrigeri: so unless someone objects I'll drop it from the list.
(20:12:11) u: intrigeri: no objections
(20:12:17) nodens: no objections either
(20:12:52) intrigeri: sajolida: yes, I think so. taking into account published security audits about our stuff is something we should do in a timely manner imo. otherwise nobody will do more security audits as they're useless in practice.
(20:13:06) u: ok, done with hole in the roof?
(20:13:11) sajolida: The last subticket of #7700 is assigned to Emma and is about delegating the task to other people, I'd like to her an update from her and maybe reassign or drop it because otherwise we could close this ticket.
(20:13:12) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ RiseupLabs Code Repository https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/7700
(20:13:24) sajolida: sorry, emmapeel (to highlight her)
(20:13:41) sajolida: ah, it's private...
(20:14:16) sajolida: the ticket is "Have a distribution mechanism for the revocation certificate of our signing key" and the last subticket is #10022
(20:14:16) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #10022: Have experts review our revocation mechanism of Tails signing key https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/10022
(20:15:25) u: ok, let's move on, and let emmapeel answer whenever she feels she can?
(20:15:28) emmapeel: yes
(20:15:34) intrigeri: ack.
(20:15:38) u: there is one ticket flagged important for next release without assignee: https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/13416
(20:15:39) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Bug #13416: Restore APT pinning of deb.tp.o https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/13416
(20:15:46) sajolida: assigned to emmapeel since it's creation on 2015-08-14 but never updated by her
(20:15:57) u: anybody up for handling this ticket? (APT pinning)
(20:16:20) sajolida: i'm not happy with moving on since emmapeel is here
(20:16:33) intrigeri: I'll take #13416.
(20:16:38) sajolida: i really don't mean to pressure her but i'd like to hear something about her interest in moving this forward
(20:16:49) u: intrigeri: ack
(20:17:01) sajolida: otherwise we could try to find someone else, drop it, move it out of #7700, etc.
(20:17:06) intrigeri: it's foundations team and I'm not sure if the initial deal (anonym takes over this from me on August 1st) still holds.
(20:17:54) u: sajolida: then let's wait for emmapeel to answer. i personally find the ticket description not clear and i don't see why https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/10022#note-7 is there
(20:18:01) emmapeel: yes, sorry... i have not been able to go through the whole process and so i haven't asked people around
(20:18:09) emmapeel: cause i have no idea about the process myself yet :S
(20:18:15) u: sajolida: maybe this should be defined in a clearer manner what we expect from this ticket
(20:18:26) u: emmapeel: are you still interested in working on this?
(20:18:42) emmapeel: only if nobody else is interested
(20:18:50) u: i'm not
(20:19:09) u: emmapeel: do you need more clarification on what is to be done?
(20:19:22) sajolida: i don't think we should look for a replacement assignee here amongst us 4 when we're ~20 active contributors and that's an easy task (delegate!)
(20:19:25) intrigeri: I'm stuck on #9802 myself so I won't add anything related to my plate.
(20:19:26) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #9802: Design a process to deal with signing key compromise https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/9802
(20:19:33) nodens: OK I'm lost. Is #7700 hole in the roof ? can't see it on the page (guess I don't have the credentials for it)
(20:19:41) intrigeri: nodens: it's private, that's why.
(20:19:46) intrigeri: nodens: but yes, it's a hole in the roof.
(20:19:50) sajolida: nodens: #7700 is hole in the roof and the last subtickets is #10022
(20:19:53) emmapeel: i need to go through the docs, i have them somewhere in my mailbox
(20:20:07) intrigeri: emmapeel: I think they've been published on our website already.
(20:20:10) nodens: thanks sajolida, the last ticket I got ;)
(20:21:38) emmapeel: ok
(20:21:46) u: sajolida: i think we should unparent #10022 from #7700
(20:21:58) sajolida: #7700 is about sending https://tails.boum.org/doc/about/openpgp_keys/signing_key_revocation/ to a bunch of smart people and ask them to review and comment on it
(20:22:06) sajolida: (adding this to the ticket)
(20:22:49) sajolida: u: I'm ok with unparenting but it looks a bit like hiding the problem under the carpet to me...
(20:23:01) intrigeri: (and IMO we should not tell them more precisely what we want them to look into as this would lead them to think inside the box and miss possibly important issues)
(20:23:09) sajolida: +1
(20:23:23) nodens: I would suggest letting it in holes in the roof but unparenting it: more people would see it
(20:23:37) u: sajolida: you mean #10022 is about sending this to a bunch of smart people, right?
(20:23:44) u: nodens: indeed
(20:23:46) sajolida: and the next step could be to suggest a list of smart people and ask for more on tails-project maybe... 
(20:23:52) nodens: that is, letting it on this own as hole in the roof
(20:23:52) u: yes
(20:24:17) u: sajolida: could you note this next step as well as intrigeri's remark to the ticket description please?
(20:24:25) sajolida: u: ouch! sorry! #10022 is about having it reviewed by smart people, sorry!
(20:24:27) u: this would make the task more clear
(20:24:30) u: yes :)
(20:24:48) u: and when the task is clear, it might actually get done :))
(20:24:49) intrigeri: agreed.
(20:25:32) u: emmapeel, so if you are up for this, sajolida said he'd like to have an approximate timeline for this
(20:25:47) sajolida: u: done updating the ticket
(20:25:50) u: emmapeel: and if you're not up to it, you can also just drop it from your list
(20:25:54) u: sajolida: thanks!
(20:25:55) sajolida: u: i didn't dare asking for a timeline but yes, that's an option
(20:26:00) emmapeel: yes, it is easier now with the mechanism online :D
(20:26:20) u: so basically, we just need to send this around to some smart people and tails-project
(20:26:28) emmapeel: yep
(20:26:38) u: cool!
(20:26:43) u: are we done with this ticket?
(20:26:44) sajolida: the mechanisms itself has already been sent to tails-project
(20:26:44) emmapeel: maybe the fist before the second, just in case there is some big oversight
(20:26:54) sajolida: i suggested asking tails-project for whoelse to ask for review
(20:26:58) u: emmapeel: ack
(20:26:58) emmapeel: oops
(20:27:25) u: sajolida: so no unparenting?
(20:27:26) sajolida: eventhough but emmapeel knows shitloads of smart people already :)))
(20:27:54) sajolida: i'd say no unparenting for the time being so it remains on our radar
(20:27:57) emmapeel: i am a smart people collector
(20:28:02) u: ok
(20:28:10) u: then let's move on
(20:28:21) sajolida: maybe adding "hole in the roof" to #10022 itself so it's not hidden to people who can't see private tickets
(20:28:23) nodens: well if it's unparented but flagged as hole in the roof it would still be
(20:28:26) nodens: +1
(20:28:31) u: sajolida: it's already marked as such
(20:28:35) nodens: u: nope
(20:28:43) nodens: the parent ticket is
(20:28:53) nodens: I would suggest adding it
(20:28:56) sajolida: now it is :)
(20:28:59) nodens: hehe
(20:29:01) intrigeri: good.
(20:29:08) sajolida: yeah, i'm ready to move on
(20:29:12) sajolida: thanks for your patience
(20:29:14) u: Availability and plans until the next meeting
(20:29:33) u: well, this is a bit useless this month i guess
(20:29:38) sajolida: no
(20:30:03) u: i planned one day of work next week on Tails and will work on some tickets and debian stuff
(20:30:08) u: if i can i will add a second day
(20:30:14) u: not sure yet though
(20:30:35) u: rest of the time i'm reachable by email but not necessarily available for work
(20:30:47) nodens: I plan to do some debian stuff next week obviously. And also take care of tickets on openpgp-applet
(20:30:55) u: nodens: yay!
(20:30:59) emmapeel: im on frontdesk shift most of the month
(20:31:04) intrigeri: I'm mostly unavailable until Aug 12 (DebConf), will focus on very-high-prio stuff only. Then fully unavailable until Aug 23. Then the summit.
(20:31:14) emmapeel: (except week 33)
(20:32:02) u: ack, anybody else?
(20:32:07) sajolida: I'll be working heavily on Tails again between August 11 and 22.
My biggest plan would be to close down the analysis of last year's donation campaign.
I also want realdeals_magenterealdeals_magentore UX sessions for the summit (personas!) and move forward other user research stuff while doing these two things (Piwik, maybe the survey platform).
Ah, and also getting organized on OTF/Additional Software might be good.
(20:32:35) u: sajolida: cool (analysis), looking forward!
(20:32:47) intrigeri: +1
(20:32:52) sajolida: Otherwise move forward the switch to CCT as fiscal sponsor, and handle the corresponding accounting flow
(20:32:59) u: cool!
(20:33:13) u: if you need help with german translations, please send me a private email
(20:33:21) intrigeri: amazing. I expect this will create a huge backlog for to handle early September.
(20:33:25) sajolida: If I don't do the analysis by then, I think I'll drop it or only thank big donors
(20:33:29) u: sajolida: i know you proposed something like that to me but i'm getting lost in threads
(20:33:49) u: sajolida: ack
(20:33:52) sajolida: "like that" → what?
(20:34:02) u: like translating some german stuff
(20:34:06) u: (sorry)
(20:34:07) sajolida: for donors?
(20:34:12) u: no, for CCT
(20:34:15) u: or from CCT
(20:34:16) sajolida: ah, ok :)
(20:34:23) u: i think it was about donation receipts
(20:34:24) sajolida: i'll ping you
(20:34:31) u: ack
(20:34:34) u: let's move on!
(20:34:40) sajolida: it's about understanding the per diem policy of the Finanzministrum :)
(20:34:42) u: https://tails.boum.org/blueprint/monthly_report/report_2017_07/ please add your bits to the monthly report
(20:34:47) u: sajolida: ah right
(20:34:47) sajolida: but yeah, let's move on!
(20:34:59) u: spriver is this month's curator i believe
(20:35:12) sajolida: i took over from her (we switched turns)
(20:35:17) intrigeri: ouch, I'm late on this. will try to do it tomorrow.
(20:35:18) u: ah ok!
(20:35:30) u: ok!
(20:35:32) u: done!
(20:35:39) u: now, let's talk about some tickets.
(20:35:40) intrigeri: sajolida: deadline?
(20:35:43) sajolida: so far i'm the only one who put his stuff there (technical writing) so everything else is missing
(20:35:45) sajolida: deadline August 11!
(20:35:58) intrigeri: OK, sounds doable :)
(20:36:01) intrigeri: u: yeah.
(20:36:05) u: https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12257 let's start with this easy ticket.
(20:36:06) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #12257: Add a screenshot to our homepage https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12257
(20:36:13) emmapeel: i plan to prepare the spanish translation to be included in the repo
(20:36:24) emmapeel: oops sorry
(20:36:33) sajolida: emmapeel: yeah!
(20:36:40) intrigeri: (not sure that's easy but let's go :)
(20:36:46) intrigeri: emmapeel: \o/
(20:36:49) u: we should decide: 1. do we want this? 2. what should be on the screenshot? 3. does anybody volunteer?
(20:37:00) emmapeel: that is easier than updating the workflow of the spanish team to the new situation
(20:37:01) sajolida: i want this!
(20:37:07) u: me too :)
(20:37:24) sajolida: maybe we should put the screenshot in context by having a laptop around it
(20:38:05) u: let's first wait for question number 1 to be answered?
(20:38:15) emmapeel: i like u's suggestion of 'a screenshot of the desktop, eventually having some open windows like  TorBrowser, OnionShare, Tails Installer, Pidgin, Thunderbird'
(20:38:37) u: and pgp applet! :)
(20:38:42) sajolida: anybody against having one or needing more discussion before moving on to what kind of screenshot?
(20:38:53) intrigeri: I want this. Graphics help (those who can see them) understand what our thing is / looks like.
(20:39:01) u: cool!
(20:39:10) u: nodens: what do you think?
(20:39:34) sajolida: like these dudes do: https://www.apple.com/macos/sierra/
(20:40:27) nodens: sorry been lagging due to note taking
(20:40:31) nodens: let me catch up
(20:40:33) intrigeri: I'm pretty sure having a screenshot is a longstanding, well established best practice for software homepages. So I doubt we're the right set of people to decide it's a bad idea ;)
(20:41:21) u: sajolida: ack, but let's not use a photo, but rather some icon like this https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/business-3-4/512/laptop-512.png (less mac looking)
(20:41:33) nodens: OK for me screenshot is definitely a no-brainer: we should
(20:41:38) u: i volunteer to create the laptop SVG
(20:41:41) u: nodens: ack!
(20:41:52) nodens: now how it should be presented is another question
(20:42:12) nodens: laptop around it sounds nice.
(20:42:12) u: my proposal would be a single screenshot for now
(20:42:24) nodens: definitely better than nothing
(20:42:26) sajolida: here i would request whoever wants to work on this to prepare a mockup before going to the code
(20:42:28) u: using some open application windows. and a laptop icon around it
(20:42:48) intrigeri: regarding the "what should be on the screenshot" and "how to integrate it into our current design", I don't feel I can have a useful / well-informed opinion so I'm happy to delegate to better skilled people.
(20:42:50) nodens: well I now work in a web agency, they would probably say it's lame to have only one and would want moving stuff, itc
(20:42:55) intrigeri: (→ I'll shut up :)
(20:42:58) u: i can simply volunteer to create the image but not to integrate it
(20:43:01) nodens: s/itc/etc/
(20:43:10) u: nodens: possibly
(20:43:33) u: nodens: but i'd like to avoid too much javascript
(20:44:04) nodens: my opinion is: let's have a screenshot for a start, and when we have a contributor that likes to do this sort of things, let's make it nicer to look at
(20:44:21) u: sajolida: when you showed us the mac os sierra page, did you mean you want multiple screenshots explaining what tails is?
(20:44:47) intrigeri: +1 for iteration and not waiting 2y before we have something perfect and in the end either not doing it at all or doing exactly what could have been done 2y earlier :)
(20:44:52) u: maybe we could have one screenshot on the homepage and link it to a dedicated page for beginners which is similar to this mac sierra page
(20:44:57) u: with several screenshots
(20:45:01) sajolida: i meant to give a reference on what successful people do, in general. but most of all i wanted to illustrate my idea of putting a laptop around the screenshot to give more context
(20:45:04) u: nodens: ack
(20:45:12) u: sajolida: ok
(20:45:41) u: i think most of us are in favour of the laptop idea
(20:46:03) u: any more ideas to what should be visible in the screenshot?
(20:46:40) nodens: animated gif of boot :D
(20:46:50) ***nodens -> [ ]
(20:46:53) sajolida: regarding the integration i would like to ask to whoever will work on this to send mockups before working on a code prototype and Git branch
several times i had to review code prototypes (not only on the website) and felt restricted in how much i could comment on them because of the coding work that was already put behind them
(20:47:29) u: sajolida: ok, that's about integrating it, right?
(20:47:33) emmapeel: as long as we don't have a long  discussion about the laptop model, im ok with the laptop around the screenshot :D
(20:47:35) u: sajolida: can you add this to the ticket?
(20:47:39) u: emmapeel: :))
(20:47:48) sajolida: u: i think that's notetaking :)
(20:47:51) u: sajolida: what about the image content?
(20:48:02) u: so nodens should add this to the ticket, then?
(20:48:04) nodens: (I confirm it is)
(20:48:06) nodens: yes
(20:48:09) u: ok
(20:48:13) u: fine with me
(20:48:30) nodens: I've been trying to add stuff or change thints but people keep beating me to it
(20:48:41) nodens: (I'm perfectly fine with that, btw)
(20:48:48) u: so, emmapeel liked my idea on the ticket, regarding content. intrigeri said he would skip his turn, what about nodens and sajolida?
(20:48:57) u: nodens: :))
(20:49:12) u: 18 minutes left.
(20:50:01) sajolida: i think we have an agreement on doing this and i would leave it to the person working on this to come up with proposals of what to display, again with mockups if needed
(20:50:07) sajolida: but i would say that Tor Browser should be in there
(20:50:17) sajolida: maybe something around persistence
(20:50:30) u: ack
(20:50:38) u: then let's move on!
(20:50:43) emmapeel: yeah some persistence config
(20:50:45) emmapeel: or maybe the installer
(20:50:48) emmapeel: like a glider
(20:50:49) sajolida: then email and chat, but that becomes a lot
(20:51:19) u: we'll see
(20:51:23) sajolida: ah, and there should be a USB stick plugged in the laptop and well visible (with a Tails logo?)
(20:51:45) sajolida: do we want ideas on how to look for someone to do this work?
(20:51:50) sajolida: or just wait and see
(20:52:01) u: ah good idea!
(20:52:13) u: i'm interested in doing it
(20:52:25) u: but it could also be a task for tails-project or tails-ux
(20:52:36) u: as a starter to do a first contribution to tails
(20:52:40) u: your call
(20:54:01) u: next ticket?
(20:54:08) u: i expect this to be easy enough.
(20:54:10) u: https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12402
(20:54:11) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #12402: Include Yubico Authenticator in Tails https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/12402
(20:54:14) nodens: hum wait a minute
(20:54:28) nodens: u: will you produce something or not ?
(20:54:32) sajolida: intrigeri: didn't you want to discuss the Screen Keyboard thingie?
(20:54:34) nodens: (sorry, lost again)
(20:54:40) u: nodens: yes, i assigned the ticket to myself
(20:54:44) sajolida: i would find that more interesting than Yubico
(20:54:48) u: sajolida: sure sure
(20:54:48) nodens: ok
(20:54:52) nodens: u: thx
(20:54:53) u: intrigeri: which ticket is it?
(20:54:54) sajolida: #8281
(20:54:56) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Feature #8281: Consider replacing Florence with GNOME's own on-screen keyboard https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/8281
(20:54:57) intrigeri: sajolida: I think it's too early now, given the updates on the ticket.
(20:55:15) intrigeri: well, maybe not.
(20:55:17) ***emmapeel has seen several reports about buggy FLorence
(20:55:20) u: let's try
(20:55:21) emmapeel: it is so unmaintained!
(20:55:25) u: #8281
(20:55:38) intrigeri: maybe we can discuss at least one specific subpoint (i.e. is $regression_A worth not having $improvement_B)
(20:55:39) sajolida: emmapeel: thanks for the insights!
(20:56:30) u: intrigeri: can you give background for this ticket?
(20:56:41) u: i have the feeling it's too much to read and understand
(20:56:52) intrigeri: Yes, it's there:https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/8281#note-26
(20:57:28) intrigeri: (that I've prepared so that we could have this meeting :)
(20:58:01) intrigeri: So, looking at this + the replies, I have two questions for this meeting:
(20:58:17) u: thanks!
(20:58:19) intrigeri: 1. in general, do you think it's a good idea to drop Florence, i.e. the pros outweighs the cons?
(20:58:53) sajolida: as commented on the ticket already, i'm fine with intrigeri's reasoning
i couldn't get it to work on Tails, so i'd like to see a working ISO image first before giving my green UX light :)
(20:59:02) emmapeel: 1. i like a more-integrated-with-GNOME solution
(20:59:18) emmapeel: yeah an experimental ISO would be cool
(21:00:19) nodens: Fine with it too, I think using GNOME OSK will give better integration and maintainability in the future
(21:00:20) u: me too i'm fine with dropping florence in favour of the gnome keyboard solution
(21:00:34) intrigeri: 2. regarding password prompts, which were the only place where sajolida identified blockers so far: *assuming* the only regression is pinentry (OpenPGP passphrases), is it compensated by fixing #11062, or is it a real blocker that we cannot live with and thus we instead we prefer sticking to the rotten status quo?
(21:00:35) Tailsbot: Tails ☺ Bug #11062: Florence can't be used when GNOME asks for a password https://labs.riseup.net/code/issues/11062
(21:00:45) intrigeri: (yes, I'm strongly biased :)
(21:00:56) u: alan seems to have been asking for a shortcut already and providing a possible solution for the physical layout
(21:01:40) u: intrigeri: i dont really understand the question
(21:01:51) intrigeri: yeah, regarding most of the minor issues there's quite some hope that it'll get better over time, but let's keep in mind that these improvements may take 6-24 months before we can benefit from them (depending on upstream pace and when we switch to Buster)
(21:01:55) intrigeri: u: question 2?
(21:01:58) u: intrigeri: obviously we would need to fix this pinentry problem right?
(21:02:05) intrigeri: Well, I dunno.
(21:02:08) u: intrigeri: yes
(21:02:29) u: (yes as an answer to the previous phrase)
(21:02:45) emmapeel: yeah pinentry problems are a PITA
(21:02:46) sajolida: i don't know if it makes sense to discuss the state of things in Tails, because pinentry is not the only regression: right now i can't enter KeePassX or type a password in Tor Browser using the Screen Keyboard
(21:02:48) intrigeri: Too often we block important improvements because they introduce one regression, and we fail at zooming out and look at the big picture.
(21:03:08) u: ack
(21:03:24) u: intrigeri: so what's your proposal, as you say you are biased?
(21:03:28) u: i did not quite understand it
(21:03:34) u: proposal/problem
(21:03:40) intrigeri: sajolida: I think it makes sense because I'm confident I can fix these other issues, while the pinentry thing is blocked by a project decision that I dislike but I'd rather not block on revisiting it now.
(21:03:42) nodens: I don't think I'm knowledgeable enough to have a useful opinion on this matter
(21:04:08) sajolida: ah ok, so you're question is after taking for granted that we can solve all the rest → understood!
(21:04:25) intrigeri: OK, my personal opinion is that if the only major regression is with pinentry, the other many advantages (including fixing another set of password prompts) outweigh it and we should go ahead anyway.
(21:04:36) u: i agree with this intrigeri
(21:04:38) ***sajolida gets his brain frozen whenever he reads "pinentry"
(21:04:44) u: hihi
(21:04:51) emmapeel: agreed
(21:05:01) intrigeri: And then I'm fine with starting the pinentry conversation again later.
(21:05:05) emmapeel: also i agree on the brain freeze :S
(21:05:10) u: intrigeri:  i simply dont understand what other project decision was made?
(21:05:15) u: intrigeri: total ack 
(21:05:22) intrigeri: u: shipping pinentry-gtk2 instead of pinentry-gnome3.
(21:05:28) u: ah ok
(21:05:34) u: let's not block on this, imo
(21:06:08) sajolida: but without really understanding the pinentry issue i agree with "if the only major regression is with pinentry, the other many advantages (including fixing another set of password prompts) outweigh it and we should go ahead anyway"
(21:06:21) u: we're out of meeting time, but let's finish this discussion maybe
(21:06:28) sajolida: yeap
(21:06:39) u: emmapeel: what about you?
(21:07:04) emmapeel: i trust intrigeri's decision on the rest, and i think florence is unmaintained
(21:07:05) nodens: ack sajolida
(21:07:12) emmapeel: i would like to try something else
(21:07:28) emmapeel: this pinentry was a problem before and still is... is complicated but is a bit of a hole in the roof i htink
(21:07:33) u: ok, so decision taken on this one
(21:07:35) intrigeri: I propose the action items are: 1. intrigeri tries to prepare a branch without florence that doesn't introduce too many regressions, and let people test it early enough before the 3.2 freeze. 2. intrigeri ensures we discuss the remaining regressions (e.g. pinentry) and what solutions we should implement later on, not blocking on that to drop Florence though.
(21:08:00) intrigeri: emmapeel: I dunno what pinentry -related bugs you're talking about, so later on (after the meeting) please point me to them.
(21:08:11) emmapeel: ok intrigeri!
(21:08:19) intrigeri: emmapeel: thanks
(21:08:43) u: ok then we're done!
(21:08:46) intrigeri: and if that's not for 3.2 I'll try harder for 3.3 (possibly this is acceptable for a point-release) or 3.4.
(21:08:46) u: thanks everyone!
(21:08:59) intrigeri: yeah, thanks for this nice & productive meeting. now /me → AppArmor in Debian.
