[[!meta title="April 2016 online meeting"]]

[[!toc levels=2]]

Volunteers to handle "Hole in the roof" tickets this month
----------------------------------------------------------

- sycamoreone will work on [[!tails_ticket 6116]]: Audit random seed and related tickets
- intrigeri will work on [[!tails_ticket 6310]]: Pull source packages from foreign APT repositories

Availability and plans until the next meeting
---------------------------------------------

- segfault will keep working on [[Tails Server|blueprint/tails_server]] more (a gui prototype is almost
  there!):
- alan will work on:
  - new Tails Greeter
  - maintenance of Onion circuits
  - Whisperback

Decide if we want to have monthly reports and who should edit them [[!tails_ticket 11047]]
------------------------------------------------------------------

So, report volunteers will take shifts for next months reports.
During monthly meeting information can be gathered, and 5 days after report is finished by the volunteer

- April: u
- May:spriver?
- June:sajolida
- July: Atomike?
- August: intrigeri

Support channel [[!tails_ticket 7874]]
--------------------------------------

We discussed about the problem of users not being able to join irc from Tails.
The incremental plan could be:

1. intrigeri will move #tails to our regular XMPP server to deprecate IRC right now [[!tails_ticket 11306]].
2. sycamoreone will make sure that anonymous logins work fine in Pidgin/Tails [[!tails_ticket 11307]]
3. emmapeel will pass a call for help on setting up a server with anonymous logins and migrate #1 there [[!tails_ticket 11306]].

Retire the experimental branch [[!tails_ticket 11202]]
------------------------------------------------------

Nobody uses it anymore. We can retire it.

Review our list of SSH ciphers, MACs and HostKeyAlgorithms [[!tails_ticket 7315]]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everybody agrees with the email thread as well. Will be done for Tails 2.3 by intrigeri.

Decide what to do with the old OpenPGP verification instructions [[!tails_ticket 11027]]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<https://mailman.boum.org/pipermail/tails-dev/2016-February/010272.html>

After a very long discussion we identified 2 different scenarios:

1. People who don't want to use DAVE or BitTorrent and prefer doing a direct
   download and an equivalent GPG verification.
2. People who want to do a stronger verification than DAVE or BT going through
   the WoT (Web of Trust), and the current instructions explain this only for
   Linux on the command line.

And we decided to:

A. Point people from the direct download to a simpliflied version of the GPG
   instructions (without all the Web of Trust information) to satisfy scenario #1.
B. Work on better WoT instructions as *additional* verification after DAVE, BT,
   or #B to satisfy scenario #2.
   But these would be different documents accessible through different paths.

If there's another specific *verification* use case that we find badly supported
and that needs OpenPGP for some reason, we can describe it over
[[email|about/contact#tails-dev]].
